this is what made with the work with all
access on at this particular time you
know we're post-fight you know backstage
so exclusive interview you know I always
want to do this my fans you know it is
about pleasing the fans you know at this
point in my career you know I me they
talking about the ghost Guerrero you
know maybe fluid fluid made with her
heads heads heads heads east fell down
you know has he lost his legs my legs
are doing just fine you know um you know
I think I'll show that tonight with a
box unless not Gator ghosts you know I
don't really believe in ghosts you know
unless we talk about the Holy Ghost you
know but like I said before you know 44
have tried 44 have failed you know I
mean ghost I mean did I mean did he hit
me did he hit me I mean we might have to
watch tape you know I'm not have to sit
back and study tape you know but I don't
remember being touched I don't member it
at all you know but you know like i said
before people always gonna have
something to say they go say oh you
shoulda for Packie out on the last time
I saw Pacquiao he was asleep um has he
woke up do he have on some vision now at
this particular time you know you know
it's not even about Pacquiao you know i
mean the ghost girl i may he be put on
one hell of a fight you know last fight
with his with whoever he fought you know
I don't care who he be don't care he
lost to but you know when he's Stefan
with the bread with money more money huh
I can't even say my name is sound like
money you know but when you step in the
ring with money Mayweather you know it's
a different story it was completely
different from the outside you know
people think oh I see the shoulder roll
I know how to get past the shoulder roll
on it's not just a shoulder roll you
gotta cover your face you gotta cover
your face um how many times did I touch
you with my right hand butter that you
know I mean I could say a lot more about
it at this particular time in my career
I'm a lot older I'm a lot wiser you know
so you know I'm not gonna say too much
about Guerrero you know you know his dad
was saying a lot of the arm doing a wife
beater bangs at the press conference I
didn't reply you know I'm sitting there
owns messaging miss Jackson you know
because you know it's all about getting
that money you know we were talking
about closing the deal somewhere else I
wouldn't even really paying too much
attention you know so you know at this
particular time I just want to spend a
little time my family you know they
talking about it talking about Canelo
you know getting at Canelo fight on you
I'm not answering no question that you
know at this time my career I'm just
chillin back you know i just finished
perfecting my stroke you know in my
backyard I mean I don't know if Guerrero
has a golf um part in his backyard I
think he has toys for his kids you know
in that 15 metre garden is something
that I see or all access but you know
this particular time it's not about
disrespecting you know Guerrero you know
Canelo Alvarez you know he's talking
about making demands to fight Floyd on
get in line you just got here you know
I've been here 17 years undefeated you
know where's pack yet where's Pacquiao
add you know I could choose what fight
you know people always talking about
what would it be like if you were to
fight Sugar Ray um you know I'm not here
to talk about people fighting in
different eras you know he was the man
in his arrow you know and I am you know
the man in my arrow no disrespect to
Sugar Ray um but I whup his ass you know
straight up it's like this you know this
particular talents must I my family miss
Jackson you know um and sep tember 14th
I think that is my date um you know I'm
a Camaro and whoop some ass you know and
I did try to go for the naka y'all y'all
did cidade you try to go for the
knockout but I hurt my hand you know
when you hit somebody in the face that
many times you know it is likely that
you could hurt yourself you know so he
does have a pretty big head and I have
to you know show that respect to
Guerrero you do have a tough head and
that's how I know with my right hand but
you know like i said before it is the
enjoyed you know it is a long time it is
a long process at this particular time
I'm gonna check back my family will be
back with all access and I hope you
enjoy this interview I'll be in touch
soon look out for my tweets Oh works
adrien brody blue